xxx THE GERMANY OF reclude.

them, and, cousequently‚ leave behind them no meane of pre·
eerving traces of their previous existence.

History only tells us of German omnies having edvanced
southwards. The conversion of these armies into actional
migratione ie gratuitous.

But if the area or* the diapoasemd Germane was thus
remarkable, that of those who held their ground was not
less eo.

Along the Danube there was, at the time of Tacitus, a
real existence of Germane to the eouth of Bohemia and
Moravia, aud it extended so far eaetwarde ae to come within
the same degree of longitude as the supposed Gothe of the
Baltio. The Germane of the Danube were the Marcomanni;
perhaps the Quadi; and almost certainly. some of the ances-
tors aud neunt-couriers of the Goths of Moeeia in the third
century.

Now these kept their ground being the only ones that are
admitted to have done so. They did more; they encroaohed
permaneutly on their neighbours to the east. strange, that
the fact of lying south oi a given degree of latitudo, should

thus have preserved those Germane of the Danube against
those fierce Slavouians who (if we suppose the Lygii to have

been Germane, and the Marcomanni to have occupied all
Bohemia) so thoronghly exterminated their brethren to the
north. It looks ae if the lact of their having been personally
engaged iu warfare against Rome, hed eo eharpened their
swords ae to have endowed them with powers of resistance
unknown north of the Bohemiau frontier. Everywhere elee
the Germane retired; between Bohemia and the Danube
they encroaohed.

Yet it was not for want of enemies that they thus kept
their ground. Theirs was no locality especially favoured by
peace. They had the same Slavouiaus to oonteud with thet
extinguished the supposed Germane of the Oder and Vistula,
and they had the Romane as well. It ie not strange that the
aucestors of the Ostrogothe aud Visigoths should have held
out against these odds. It is strange that they should have
“ been the only Germane who did eo. Surely this is a page
in history which may be read differently3 and instead ol

 

